[Music] Let's
see, Yo Juan commented, let's see
a little about Yo Juan, not with Jordi.
Let's see what part we see because of course
640 There it is, no, I'm telling you too, and some
weird ones, the truth is this first comment
from Jo Juan has been a little, no, a little
weird because he put on reindeer antlers
and he says, I'm also telling you, I'm putting on
some weird antlers. No, look, just joking, I
have less the same head. There it is, I'm also telling you, I'm putting on some weird
antlers,
the truth is I'm also telling you, I'm putting on
some weird antlers, the truth is what
reason would you have to say that, but it's
a piece of cake, I don't know, I don't know what it's about,
man, really. I mean, you have this mania of
idealizing people and believing that you
know people from what you see on the
internet or from what the crowd. No, I'm not
saying with this that I'm bad. I don't know, maybe it
's the beautiful person that they
seem to be in person, but it's
really. I mean, repeating what the
sheep repeat and the mantras and a person is
hated and  mob goes against that
person you have the mania that already points out
And likewise contrary when a
person is well seen
socially accepted you already have the la la la the
mania that you like them
because people like them man we don't
know we don't know It's really the same
as the couple was idealized
normal couple normal people also very down
to earth very down to earth people
very normal people and Joan is a very
normal person but what motive would you have
what motive would you have to make this
comment What problem would you have with
cheating on yourself if it's not that you've been cheated on I mean what has he
given what has Juan given to understand
with this joke you know I have the same
head There it is no I'm also telling you Give me
some weird cuos the truth is I don't feel like it
the truth is
[ __ ] great and here they know things no and here they
know things it was very in the face no I do
n't think it's in the face look you think I
think they told me a few
months ago that I couldn't confirm it okay they
came to try to charge me for the
exclusive I'll give you  1000 euros and I'll give you all
the information on who
Yo Juan's new girlfriend is and where she comes from and
what she knows about her and I say
this What is it I know but it's like
apart from that it wasn't even credible because
apart from that I tried to contrast it there to see
if there were signs of veracity and there
was nothing that you point out to me in fact it's
been several months eh Because I think
that was before summer Eh well I do
n't know if as much as before summer I don't
know but go ahead eh At least three
months around there it's probably eh And they
told me Well then in nothing Ah I already know
when it was it was just before Yo
Juan went with Plex on the trip okay eh
And he told me no the girlfriend didn't want to go
but as soon as they get back they're going to announce it they're going to
announce the return it's it's the
news of the year no and no it didn't happen it didn't
happen Thank goodness I didn't pay but
well joking Damn but the [ __ ] quotas
bro well I don't like to have but
neither Now or ever you know what I'm telling you it's
been a year with a lot with a lot
Ah I there that The truth is  that I've
seen it strange eh That joke eh I don't know I've
seen it strange eh a lot of
gossip has given to understand what it has given to
understand Neither more nor less has given to
understand what it has given to
understand to me I told myself how we get into
that we don't do the
tier let's make sea let's do l of
you want to reach 10 million
visits let's Play Oy you leave it strong
gym s exclusive Notice that there are
many people who leave it with their girlfriend and the
first thing she does is go to the gym and do
a glow it's already a meme in reality that she
leaves him and cont cer it's typical it's what it is
eh Actually if you
think about it that so many people do it it
even makes sense Because when you're in
a relationship It's true that with many
things you settle down in the end no In the end
the physical and the is not only for
yourself but also to like no
So when someone already likes you it's
like you have that quota
covered and it is and it can relax you in
that sense and when you don't have it I
understand that there are many people who do
that of Well now it gives me  the vate of [ __ ]
come on I'm going to take care of myself because I'm entering
that market dynamic again and not
only for health but because there's
nothing more fattening than entering into a
stable relationship eh There's nothing that
makes you leave More than that unless you have t is
eating nuts all day long
That also depends on each one
the importance that they give to times or whatever
no For example I was involved
with the nutritionist with the diet with the
gym you know and this month it's a
little stranger no this month I have it a
little stranger there's more there's more No but I
put it on Twitter no what there is
more I put it on Twitter no luar
eh this month is a little strange yes
I'm doing all the workouts
tomorrow is Monday no tomorrow is Monday yes
I'm doing all the workouts eh
but for example there are many days in
between that no that there are no more holidays there
are more days of Long Weekend ha the
children are on vacation there are more days that go
out Hey Ho I can't go but but the
diet the diet this is not being me the
diet this  I'm not being the truth,
things as they are, let's do your list
dex, you want to reach 10 million,
let's go to Play City. Hey, I left him
strong at the gym exclusively. Notice that there
are a lot of people who leave him with their girlfriend
and the first thing he does is the gym and
do a glow. It's already a meme,
really, that I left him and told him it's
typical, it's what there is. eh. Actually, if you
think about it, the fact that so many people do it
even makes sense. Because when you're in
a relationship, it's true that with many
things you settle down in the end. No. In the end,
the physical and it's not just for yourself
but also to be liked.
So when someone likes you,
it's like you have that quota
covered and that's it. You can relax.
In that sense, and when you don't have it, I
understand that there are a lot of people who do
that. Well now I feel like [ __ ] around,
come on, I'm going to take care of myself because I'm entering
that dynamic again and not only
for, for, for health but for me, I do
n't like to look bad either, I'll tell you,
but it's true that there are times when
you  it doesn't matter much more
you don't have more time It depends on each
one the fat one who gets into a
stable relationship there's nothing that makes you leave
more than unless you have you are
eating spicy nugue from McDonald's all day
watching Netflix me if it is
normal norm it is normal then you
have now entered this stage no me I
the truth is that I have always been I mean you have
never stopped It's true
Carmen says the person who is obsessed
with your diet will now claim you No
man This is a click that I have given it
is that you are a flirt Javi No no no
no but when I get back from New York
when the kings pass then yes 100%
also I have spoken with the trainer
we are going to put in an extra day of
gym with a hit sack of cardio I mean already eh
this This time yes or yes this
summer Yes or yes it will be the summer
this will be the summer no I have always
been training And that The truth Now
I decided how to eat better because my
problem has always been food Okay
marujo well you are fine not with everything
that  it's happened you've handled it well and everything
Yeah yeah I'm I'm fine we're fine
Notice that in the podcast that you
both came on we talked about this topic
eh it's just But what was it that they
said in the post in that post
because there was like a click that they took out
after there was a click that they
took out not on Twitter of look look this
was a red flag normal man
things piece end It's that that's how
life is it was about her talking about
open relationships no Ugh I don't know the
truth is that that comment that
Juan made there very blatantly he's not
going to make it up not that joke No but if it's
happened to you too it's that everything happens to him you you you you
next week I'm
going to New York Ugh I just
got chills when I said it
you you you you you next week I'm going to
New York How fast my places Look
this was the cck I left him to suck her but I
also understand a little about the issue of
opening the relationship because in the end when you have been
with a partner for many years I
also understand a little about the issue of
opening the relationship but how do you  to open
the relationship It's normal that it comes in like
custom doesn't And the routine and you can do
new things And such But good night
Javi what are you giving us for Christmas
could you make us a 2025 calendar with
your most sensual voices I don't know come on maybe I
'll make a compilation of the
year go I don't know maybe I'll do it you don't even
speak Spanish well and since you
want to go where they speak English but yes
there they speak Spanish idiot in
New York it's more Spanish than English what is
spoken I think eh that it's more
Spanish than English or equally I don't know
but let's go there Spanish is spoken calm down
chill no no it's more Spanish They speak a lot of
Spanish eh What do you say yes man that
was in Florida but in New York
Spanish is also spoken a lot Let's see I don't
know if more or less but Spanish is spoken a lot
to everyone who has traveled
there I asked him and he told me
that Chile is spoken
window it depends on the sector no Of course
but I understand that the more
touristy places we go the same I don't know I think I'll
make content eh I think I'll make
content eh I don't know I'll see  it's
marriages that have lasted 25 years will also
say it, damn it. Marriages that
have lasted 25 years will also say it, damn it's
okay. You go in. Yes, then you meet
new people and you say, wow. Well, look at
this person, how would they be, you know? And
the truth is that this is Chela, eh. Of course, of
course this, Chela, yes,
this, Chela, eh. It's that this comment does
n't make any sense, eh. And in the
end we are,
but, but, but what. But how in the
end we are animals and we don't stop
having those impulses and well, it's
easier to have an open relationship than
a monogamous one. Jordi is here
saying, But this, what, what, what, but the other
way around. I think it has to be much
more chaotic and much more anarchic,
therefore, with many more elements. Open,
no, no, no, but I mean, I've known
people who are in open relationships and
one of the two parties. It's
screwed. I mean, it's easier because you don't have to
force yourself because because there are no
external people, because you don't have to make an effort for there to
be external people who arrive, it's that they do
n't have.  no no no
explanation eh now it's like he
wants to fix it But force it a lot I'm
telling you this is not forcing or anything It's
simply that well no no
Of course it works and because I'm happy it's that it's
weird eh it's that it's weird the
explanation eh the truth eh everyone
to everyone it happens to everyone man there's no
People who are married and have two children and
get divorced beat you know it takes time they take
time public and in the end Like
you had them very idealized also the
people who are is a pal cl clarify
[ __ ] also in that we are to blame
obviously for we have never done it for
real because we are I am as I am
I am not going to be hiding in my
way of being so that m was no longer in
the relationship at that moment at that
moment masi was no longer there four
notes don't say Oh my dad and I I am
like that bro and if I get along with her well I am
great but I will not
be don't touch me You know Now yes it
may be that there are dads children out
there it may be that there are children out there in
a time children for  there of quos that I
really let loose like Roberto Carlos who
has a son in each of this
made me [ __ ] and get pregnant you know bad
Juan had an open relationship and
you didn't know let's see it has been strange eh the
comment about the reindeer the
comment about the reindeer hasn't had much
explanation eh Japan well Japan very well
pas no Japan well I mean as a country Japan
well culture well I don't know the truth a
little heavy eh but yes it has come out
strange that
comment of losos the truth I think
that in the end if something has happened then we
will end up knowing it because eh Look
everything is summarized here ehar you haven't
spoken to the one from for God's sake
wire how am I going to talk to that guy who
literally slandered me to my [ __ ]
face he slandered me liter he doesn't mention me anymore it
's like he avoids mentioning me the other day
we saw that he made reference to the D he
suffered a lot And such But but he avoided
mentioning me I mean it's like he's already having
attacks I don't know with his dala and his things no
[Music]